I decided to use a text from Gutenberg as looking through the books I found an interesting one that I also decided to give somewhat of a read. I decided to use a histogram to do a counting analysis of the context of the document. I hoped to get enough data to compare this to the amount of words and the corresponding usage of letters in the English dictionary. 
In doing this I decided to go with finding out letters in correlations to the percentages we had previously found in class. I know that the most common letter in use in the English dictionary is the letter E but because of the nature of the English language I wasn’t sure that it would be the most present letter as multi-letter words such as “dictionary” where one letter shows up 2-4 times in a word are prevalent in the language. Due to this I decided to go about it doing a histogram as a way to count all the words in the text and compare it to the total number of words in the text as well as the percent of letters in the English dictionary. 
I had many ways in which I could go about making the histogram but I decided to make it using dictionaries and adding 1 to it for every letter found. I did this by using a .get command within a for loop to go through the letters of the text and adding one for each one that was found within the text.
 
 
 
 
During this analysis I found that the amount of letters found was actually very close to the amount found during research in online sample but only in the first letter being E. After that there was a lot of variation in the words and letters used in this text which made it so for example there was a high use of the letter ‘t’ as the second most used letter in the text while previous samples have found that A was the second most used at around 8.5%. This was found on the lower cases as well as in my findings and the samples I acquired through research online, the letters z and q had switches places in usage and appearance.

I could have tried to make more correlations and searched for more connections using the test but I feel like I didn’t search for enough. I used the previous assignments we had done as reference for how to go about doing this and basically used them as a template. This helped but I feel as though I should have tried to develop more of my own code even though when I searched for new alternatives, they didn’t quite always work out. I need to be more creative in the way in which I approach code and the efficiency of my coding as it takes me too long to figure out ways of solving problems presented to me by others or by myself. I also really struggled in debugging and testing as I was missing basic mistakes made during my coding process in mislabeling and incorrectly using loops. 
